{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=2194}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15820\viewh14220\viewkind1\viewscale123
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Construction Check (not a permanent name)\ulnone \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Project managers and builders in residential construction have hundreds of items that they have to check off  before they can declare a house ready to proceed onto the next step of construction, or for sale. Currently, this is done on paper. This results in mounds of paper being used, and is inefficient for the manager. Imagine having a stack of twenty papers containing all of the items one is required to check off, and having to flip through the stack to find whether an item was completed or not, or if something was incorrectly checked off. \
\
	Construction Check seeks to change that. The app will enable the builder to create a general template of a house for himself, with items that are largely generic to each house he will build. Each builder will be able to alter his generic template as he sees fit, but changes will not affect checklists that have already been created.  Whenever the builder wishes to create a checklist for a house, the new checklist will be generated with the template the builder set up, with the ability for the builder to add or subtract items specific to each house/checklist. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\ul Flow\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulc0 	\ulnone The app will open to a login page that will offer the option to register if the user has not done so already. Once a user has logged in, he will not need to do so again on the same device.\
\
	After login/registration, the user will land on the \'93home\'94 screen. This home screen will list the street addresses of each house the checklist pertains to, as well as a button or tab to access the template. If the user does not already have a general template built, he will be prompted to create one, and will be directed to the template creation page. \
	\
	On the template creation page the user can also create \'93sections\'94 (will find a better name for this) pertaining to different stages of the construction process (framing, roofing, electrical, flooring, etc). Once he creates a section, he will be able to create individual items for each section (for example - the section \'93framing\'94 might have items such as \'93Check that 2x4s aren\'92t made of foam\'94, \'93Make sure studs are 16\'94 apart\'94, \'93Ensure that studs are/are not treated\'94, etc. \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	The user will then have the ability to create house \'93components\'94 - discrete areas of a standard house (bedroom, bathroom, garage, entry, roof, closet, kitchen, pantry, etc). (I should definitely have a bunch of these completed for the user, with him only needing to create specialty ones). \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
	}